this isn't part of the student
mobilization we've been witnessing at
the University of Texas Austin Instead
This is rather a sudden mobilization
part of a a nationwide call in the light
of the latest offensive against Rafa by
the Israelis in this case it's outside
Austin city hall we're out here today
because uh Israel has announced an
around invasion of RA which is now
Sheltering over a million palestin
refugees in Gaza and it's high time that
this city council take a stand in
addition to that not only has city
council failed to pass that ceasefire
resolution but there have been two hate
crimes here in the city of Austin
including a stabbing of a young
Palestinian man in west campus and um
mayor Watson actually used that rather
opportunistically um to say this is why
we shouldn't pass a CI resolutions from
what we GA we can expect the focus of
Palestinian solidarity protests here in
Austin to return to the campus of the
University of Texas Austin in the coming
days particularly spefic
gradu I will share with you Al
Austin make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer